---
layout: post
title:  "On Love"
date:   2022-10-03 9:39:40
blurb: "A semi-coherent representation of my views on love."
og_image: /assets/img/content/post-example/Banner.jpg
type: "blog"
draft: true
---


# Introduction

This has been a piece I've wanted to construct for a while now. The motivation for writing this began under a tree in Hillsboro, OR as I wrestled with a life decision. I was processing whether to move back to Texas and enroll in my PhD, or to maintain the life I was beginning to build in Oregon. I recall having a few of my favorite things with me: a harmonica in the key of E, my journal, and a pencil. I'd carried this journal with me for a few years by then, always intending to cultivate the habit of dumping my thoughts, emotions, and ideas into it. There were a few primordial entries, but nothing of any permanence - the habit was uncultivated. While sitting under that tree I began to flip through the journal much like a Brownian particle, jotting down intellectual threads for future exploration. "What of community?", "What of freedom?", ..., "On love". Years have passed since this beautiful Oregon summer day. I decided to go to graduate school - a decision that has seeded many ripples in my life.

The initial impetus for "On love" was in regards to my romantic relationship at the time. I recall thinking about our relationship and the love we shared for one another. I was thinking about how it all works - using my experience to help me understand, and form a hypothesis. We met through a program we did at the University of Oregon doing a resume building exercise. It was immediately clear that we had a decent bit in common. I recall initially feeling unsure about the thought of "us". Despite this, we continued to see each other, where we started to develop a more common language, share joy in the hobbies of one another - building trust and love along the way. While sitting under this tree, thinking through all of this, I recalled a bit of knowledge about synchronization.

# What does a metronome have to do with love?

- Synchronization in nature
- Kuramoto model
- humans as metronomes

# How does this relate to psychological perspective?

Include elements from Sue Johnsons work here
- EFT and the "Dance" she speaks of relating to the addition of a medium for the frequencies to couple and synchronize.

# Other considerations

- Article on the critical phase transition (?)

# Closing thoughts

